TODO
organize js and css files

look into colors being slightly different and getting adjusted by setColor()

test history/favorites more

look into bugs with color picker not updating (text color and inputs, callback func)

work on info about color modes next (or convert to angular)

clean bootstrap toast with built in stacking: https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/components/toasts/

----------------

add cookies checkbox to history/favorite modal, can save/load cookies or remove them (use jscookie)
add cookies checkbox for settings to remember settings or reset them?
edge/ie copy buttons in history/favorites don't work. hide them with js?
make sure PWA remembers previous color and restores it on load
custom css scrollbar?
speak color? with delay?
night mode?
show number of history/favorites? undo clear/remove?
show all web colors in modal, like favs/history where you can open and share them (just not delete)
color mixer?
display color formulas?
choose stored color mode (not always in hex) so conversion isn't messed up and numbers can always be increased/decreased
use strict and modules, document code and clean it
setting for clear all favorites on upload




store color mode (ie. store hsl and dont convert it) (setting in settings)
	each of the 4 color boxes has a btn in top right to make it default
	clicking fills it in in that one and unfills other icons
use cookies to remember settings, current color, history and favs (in settings)
	enable cookie setting
	when loading page, notification that cookies have been loaded, with action btn to link to settings to clear cookies and turn off cookie setting

max size for history and favorites (configurable in settings)

favorites modal with btn to add favorite (opens smaller modal, has checkbox below (default unchecked) to keep adding colors one after another)

10 random colors modal that shows 10 random colors and code with copy btns and open btns, reload btn for 10 more, change 10 to another number at bottom dropdown (5, 10, 20, 40)

fix unable to change some values bugs

link btn change to unlink btn (toggle it)

organize code

make print css

during upload history/favorites: checkbox to delete old (or duplicates, etc), maybe in settings

fix conversion problems with slightly adjusting input color and refusing to change range inputs sometimes

USE COOKIES

specific bug: removing the most recently added color item then attempting to add it doesn't work
problem: because it saves the most recently added color item and checks against it
solution: when removing the top item, clear the most recently added color stored

USE VUE

later:
option to choose default color mode (shows up in favorites/history as well for display and copy)



