bugs:
callback on color picker input isnt called if another color changes its color
when typing a light color (ex. aquamarine) the jquery color picker won't update its text color for correct contrast

how to use/help modal, with info about color modes, how to use copy btns, etc. donate, share, github readme links
add pantones, more color stuff? gradients?

sharethis?

favorites modal
***history modal
download history option
download and upload favorites option
preview modal to display text on color, color on text, color on color etc, against black, white, and other colors
div that displys formulas
link to color convert library on github and this repo on github
setting for dark theme, fullscreen, donate button? link to repo?
transparency/alpha option?
type your color or color name/detect color?
get color name from json?
favorites list you can name them and edit them, search by name, sort by name or date

color names here for detect color: https://github.com/bahamas10/css-color-names/blob/master/css-color-names.json
user input delete spaces to lowercase
look for #, rgb, hsl, hsv, hsb, cmyk

modal for list of all 140 color names?

make js library for converting and test
make js file for updating display with certain color
make driver/main js file for controlling change of inputs, calling converter and display files

modal for info on color models
modal for css to copy (dropdown for color mode (rgb, hsl, hex), checkbox for !important, and display color, backgorund-color, border-color, with copy buttons next to each)
modal for lighter/darker colors and vary by saturation too
palettes?

add more color names?
combine detect color and color picker inputs into one, fix typing color names into color-picker input resulting in NAN

use angular to make code simpler

use realfavicongenerator.net

add settings such as copy hex without "#", convert hex to lowercase, etc

find color from img
get palette from img

random color within certain limits? like range of limits or stay at same saturation?

feedback/contact email btn

clean/organize files (mostly js)

update for ARIA

download color image (png from canvas with color preview in square and color converted to differnt types in text)

--------------------------------
STUFF TO ADD TO UI
history & favorites (clickable, downloadable) & removable and organizable, add favorite
color info: info on color modes (each btn takes to the right tab on the same modal that has color mode info)
	color mode formulas? can be in tabs
help: info about UI and how to use
info btn: contact, donate, help, about info and git links etc btns
settings btn: settings stuff, fullscreen
preview: preview color on text and on black, white, etc more preview options in modal
css: css modal for copy with dropdown options of color, background-color, border-color, etc, and checkbox for !important
